when you are 18 and now how
I convince others that you are
treaty of an accident
basis
if dinho fantastic only balance are
unless published you will find us here again
both of you in your room and you
I could tell the others that all this
history is nothing but a big misunderstanding e
it is not so but I deny I want you
know that despite you have tried
to eliminate revenge is a
feeling completely unknown on
my planet is very beautiful but now not
we are on my planet or wrong
in my mother rai
but he did not notice that they are gone
I just missed a toy
lost buzz lightyear relationship
mission are with the local sheriff in
a gigantic reference station
cursed
according to my computer or beak
Shut up and yachts sail ugly i phone
not the time for the panic is the
ideal moment for the panic I have
lost end went away in two days
300 x it's all your fault my fault if you
you didn't push me out of the window
as if you had n't arrived that
fair queen cardboard spaceship
steal all the most important things for me
the liras to me what is important for
what you to the security of the universe
design for the con but mica you know
blathering in this moment approached
at the edge of the galaxy the emperor
day is building a weapon capable of
destroy the entire planet
only I have the information that
reveal the weak point of that weapon e
you my friend
you are responsible for my failure
meeting tower the stellar command you
six are over cassano you don't know true
buzz lightyear 6 mechanical crazy point
you are just a baroque for children six
a strange and sad little man and you
I complain goodbye but entrusts to the devil
moody